Conditional Statements :- 
1. Get user input using prompt(“Enter your age:”). If user is 18 or older , give feedback:'You are old enough to drive' but if not 18 give another feedback stating to wait for the number of years he needs to turn 18.
example :-
Enter your age: 30
You are old enough to drive.

Enter your age:15
You are left with 3 years to drive.


2. Compare the values of myAge and yourAge using if … else. Based on the comparison and log the result to page using document.write() stating who is older (me or you). Use prompt(“Enter your age:”) to get the age as input.

Enter your age using prompt() : 30
You are 5 years older than me.

If age is greater than b return 'a is greater than b' else 'a is less than b'. Try to implement it in two ways if else or ternary operator


3. using if else
ternary operator.
  let a = 4
  let b = 3
  4 is greater than 3


4.Even numbers are divisible by 2 and the remainder is zero. How do you check, if a number is even or not using JavaScript?

Enter a number: 2
2 is an even number

Enter a number: 9
9 is is an odd number.


5. Write a code which can give grades to students according to theirs scores in two ways using if else if ladder and switch case as well:
80-100, A
70-89, B
60-69, C
50-59, D
0-49, F




6. Check if the season is Autumn, Winter, Spring or Summer. If the user input is :using switch case 
September, October or November, the season is Autumn.
December, January or February, the season is Winter.
March, April or May, the season is Spring
June, July or August, the season is Summer




7. Check if a day is weekend day or a working day. Your script will take day as an input.using switch case and if else if ladder
    What is the day  today? Saturday
    Saturday is a weekend.

    What is the day today? saturDaY
    Saturday is a weekend.

    What is the day today? Friday
    Friday is a working day.

    What is the day today? FrIDAy
    Friday is a working day.



8. Write a program which tells the number of days in a month.
  Enter a month: January
  January has 31 days.

  Enter a month: JANUARY
  January has 31 day

  Enter a month: February
  February has 28 days.

  Enter a month: FEbruary
  February has 28 days.


9. Write a program which tells the number of days in a month, now consider leap year.

10.take two input from prompt and find area of rectangle and result shown in page.

11.Write a JavaScript program that take two number from prompt and find largest integer among two integers and print them.

12.Write a JavaScript program that take input marks using prompt then find the corresponding grade.
like :- user typed |
The grades are computed as follows :

Range	Grade
<60	F
<70	D
<80	C
<90	B
<100	A

13.Write a Code to find a branch name Based on the student’s marks, this switch statement assigns a specific engineering branch to the variable Branch. The output displays the student’s branch name,
90 > above  CS Branch
80 > above Mechanical Branch
70 > above Chemical enginnerring
50 > Civil Engineering
default Bio technology

14.Write a code the outer if statement checks the weather variable. If it’s “sunny,” it further checks the temperature variable to determine the type of day it is (hot, warm, or cool). Depending on the values of weather and temperature, different messages will be logged to the html page .

15.Check your bdate and take input from user as birthdate and print the exact age of user .