1. Print all even numbers from 1 to 50 using a for loop.

2. Calculate the sum of all numbers from 1 to n using a while loop, where n is provided by the user.

3. Print the multiplication table of a number m using a for loop, where m is provided by the user.

4. Find the largest digit in a given number using a while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

5. Reverse a number using a do...while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

6. Check if a number is prime using a for loop, where the number is provided by the user.

7. Calculate the factorial of a number using a for loop, where the number is provided by the user.

8. Print the first n Fibonacci numbers using a while loop, where n is provided by the user.'

9. Sum the digits of a number using a do...while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

10. Print all numbers from 1 to n that are divisible by both 3 and 5 using a for loop, where n is provided by the user.

11. Print all odd numbers between 1 and n using a for loop, where n is provided by the user.

12. Calculate the sum of the squares of the first n natural numbers using a while loop, where n is provided by the user.

13. Generate the first n prime numbers using a for loop, where n is provided by the user.

14. Find the GCD (Greatest Common Divisor) of two numbers using a while loop, where the numbers are provided by the user.

15. Reverse an array of numbers entered by the user using a for loop.

16. Calculate the product of all even numbers between 1 and n using a for loop, where n is provided by the user.

17. Count the number of digits in a number using a while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

18. Generate the first n terms of the sequence where each term is the sum of the previous two terms, starting with 0 and 1 (Fibonacci sequence), using a while loop, where n is provided by the user.

19. Calculate the sum of the digits of a number using a for loop, where the number is provided by the user.

20. Check if a number is a palindrome using a do...while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

21. Calculate the factorial of a number using a while loop, where the number is provided by the user.

22. Print the multiplication table of a number using a for loop, where the number is provided by the user.

23. Check if a number is a prime number using a for loop, where the number is provided by the user.

24. Generate the first n Fibonacci numbers using a for loop, where n is provided by the user.

25. A perfect number is a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper divisors.
